Q1) Open your browser and visit google.com?
Q2)In the search box start typing the title of this lecture “Introduction to text…”?
Q3)Notice as You continue typing the title of this lecture “Introduction to text…”?
Ans: After doing all the above given work what I found is answered bellow.
Q4)What do you observe in the list of suggestion? Are there any patterns?
Ans: Google
Based on popularity, I got some search suggestions by searching “Introduction to text…”. The search suggestion was listed from most popular to least popular topics. The pattern which I found was:
First of all it provides a structure to text and then mining process is performed and then it provided us the data on which analysis is done.
Q5) Repeat steps 2 to 4 but this time use duckduckgo.com?
Ans: duckduckgo
I couldn’t find any pattern by searching “Introduction to text…” in duckduckgo.com. All the suggested content was random and with no specific order
Q6) Repeat steps 2 to 4 but this time use bing.com?
Ans: Bing.com
Bing suggested almost the same searches that Google suggested. In other word, it was better than duckduckgo.com but not better than Google.
Q7)Which search engine's list of suggestion is better and why?
Ans: Google’s list of suggestion is better because:
The list was relevant to the searched phrase and suggestion list was recommended with specific pattern which was giving more sense
Q8) Observe the list of search results for "introduction to text analysis" on 3 search engines, google, duckduckgo and Bing?
Q9)Do all search engines return the same result?
Ans: No, Google and Bing returned almost the same result where as duckduckgo.com was different than them.
Q10) Which site is listed in the top 5 results of all 3 search engines?
Ans: “Introduction to text analysis” is listed on the top in all 3 search engines.
Q11) Do you think that the order of the websites in the search results is important?
Ans: Yes, because the order normally determines relevancy by page popularity.
Q12)Try to find which mechanism / formula / algorithm(s) are being used to order the results?
Ans: SEO is the process of optimizing online content so that a search engine likes to show it as a top result for searches of a certain keyword. When it comes to SEO there is always the search engine and the searcher. Beside SEO, Google’s trademark algorithm called PageRank is also used which assigns each web page a relevancy score.
